Remove filetype checking (#32)
biobootloader/mentat: docs/configuration.md

}
```

### File Exclude Glob list

> List of [glob patterns](https://docs.python.org/3/library/glob.html) that will exclude all files from context that it matches starting from the git root. Importantly, this means that the pattern to exclude all files ending with `.py` would be `**/*.py` rather than `*.py`. Here is an example that would exclude all hidden directories and files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of [glob patterns](https://docs.python.org/3/library/glob.html) to exclude files from being read/edited by Mentat. These take effect whenever you provide Mentat with a directory as an argument. Mentat will add all files in the directory that are not in your `.gitignore` and do not match these glob patterns. Glob patterns are interpreted from the git root location. If you wanted to exclude all files ending in `.py`, the pattern to use would be `**/*.py` rather than `*.py`. Here is an example that would exclude all hidden directories and files:
```
